Port forward:Host set in "resctrict access" section (#126)
NethServer/nethsecurity-docs: port_forward.rst

By default, all port forwards are accessible only for hosts inside the WAN. Refer to the :ref:`hairpin-section` for instructions on changing this default behavior.

> For each port forward the user can also configure also the following aspects:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each port forward the user can also configure the following aspects:
```

- **Binding to a specific public IP**: port forwards can be bound to a specific public IP address using the ``WAN IP`` field.
  This means that if your router/firewall has multiple public IP addresses,
  you can assign a port forward to a particular IP. This feature is valuable when dealing with complex network setups, ensuring that traffic directed to
  a specific public IP is forwarded correctly to the internal server.

> - **Access restriction**: Port forwards can be restricted to specific sources to enhance security. This can be done using the ``Restrict access to`` field, where IP addresses and CIDR blocks can be directly entered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Access restriction**: Port forwards can be restricted to specific sources to enhance security. This can be done using the ``Restrict access to`` field. The field accepts IP addresses, CIDR blocks or an object.
```

>   Host set and domain set objects can also be used to further simplify and streamline management.
> .. note:: IP ranges are not supported, so host sets containing IP ranges cannot be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Any type of object is supported except for host sets containing an IP range.
```
